Oh my God!
-Jason!
-Do you know him?
Yeah, his name is Jason O'Connor.
Don't move Jason, don't move.
What time will you be ready?
Around 5 o'clock.
Hey, don't be late.
I won't.
Hey! What are you looking at?
Hey, if I see you sniffing
around Caitríona again I'll..!
Leave me be for God's sake!
Leave you be?
I lost my job and Berni because
of this crap! Is that not enough?
Well, poor old you!
What else do you expect when you mess
around with another man's woman?
Vince, I wasn't on my own
when it happened.
Or have you forgotten?
You look very happy with yourself.
I've just got great news!
Oh? What is it?
Well..!
Can I have 4 take-away coffees?
The machine is broken again.
One minute, Caitríona.
Róise, do you want a coffee?
No, it's alright.
I just had one. See you there.
Bye.
Whatever it is, it can't be that bad.
-Oh, hi Caitríona.
-Do you mind?
So, any news?
I had a date with Ciarán last night.
That's great!
It didn't go very well.
Why?
Kelly isn't very happy about it.
What has he got to do with it?
He could create problems for me
as regards my work.
Really?
The only thing that's bothering
that man is jealousy.
You're not going to let him
ruin everything, are you?
Come on, it's over between you.
He has to accept that.
That's if you're still interested
in Ciarán.
-Of course I am.
-And he's interested in you?
That's what he says anyway.
Right, there's no problem then.
Forget about Kelly.
It's a pity it's not that simple.
Go for it before he's snatched up
by some other woman.
It won't take a fine thing like him
too long!
-Come on Jason!
-What's the matter with him?
We found him collapsed at the
graveyard. I think he's just drunk.
Jason are you alright?
You stay out of this.
You've done enough damage as it is.
Come on Jason. Lord above!
-We'd better take him to hospital.
-What's wrong with him?
It's probably just the effects
of drink.
But I'm worried about the vomiting
as he has a head injury.
-This is your fault you wretch!
-Come on Jason.
I'll take him to the hospital,
he's my son!
Declan knows what he's doing, okay?
Alright, but I'm going with you.
-Alright.
-I'll ring you later.
Maybe you should take
your friend home, Ríona.
Okay.
I want to be by myself!
Toasted special.
Berni?
That's all you wanted, isn't it?
Yes.
God only knows how many men
that woman has gone through!
It's true.
Do you know anyone else who has been
married and separated twice?
Not to mention all the boyfriends
she's had.
As for poor little Evan, he doesn't
know if he's coming or going...
..with all the fathers
he's had since he was born.
Sarah, please.
She had better be careful
or she'll be left on the shelf.
It doesn't give me any satisfaction
to know that I was right.
-That Jason would leave.
-He wouldn't leave if he understood.
I never intended to go ahead
with that silly deal.
Frig Tadhg anyway.
Listen, you're exhausted. Come home
and I'll cook you something.
I don't understand why he told him.
What did he have to gain from it?
It looks as bad for him
as it does for me.
I can't make head nor tail
of that man.
I never thought he'd endanger his
relationship with Jason in that way.
Obviously he did. Let's go home.
Maybe he didn't.
What do you mean?
Maybe someone else told him
about it.
Don't torment yourself over this.
Jason's gone now and
nothing can be done about it.
You told him.
He was going to leave you anyway.
It's much better that he leave now...
..rather than when
you had learned to trust him again.
-I know it doesn't..!
-Shut up!
I don't want to hear
another word from you!
You've ruined my life yet again!
Do you realise that?
He was never good enough for you.
I did it for your benefit.
For my benefit? For my benefit?
Is that why you hit me as well?
For my own benefit?
Don't start that again.
I didn't mean to do it..!
You're sick! Do you understand that?
Totally and utterly
out of your bleedin' mind!
And I'm not going to let you
ruin my life anymore!
Suzy!
Sit down.
It's fine, I just wanted
to have a few words with you.
Right, go on.
I've been thinking
about what we said last night.
Right.
Well, this could have a huge effect
on my livelihood.
And my job is very important to me.
I know that and I understand,
really I do.
I don't think you do.
There are more important things
in life than work.
Are you sure about this?
I'm not going to let people
push me around anymore.
I'll live my life the way I see fit
from now on.
Sorry.
-I have to answer this.
-Okay.
Hello.
Yes.
Of course, of course.
I'll be over in a minute. Alright.
Goodbye.
Is everything alright?
Yeah. Sorry, I have to go.
Right, I'll see you tonight then?
Definitely! Bye.
Bye.
Séamus, why won't you tell me
what's the matter with you?
Are you going to make the tea
or do I have to do it myself?
Don't you realise
that I'm worried about you?
If so, you're wasting your time.
How can I help you when you
won't tell me what's wrong with you?
I don't want your help.
Telling you wouldn't help matters.
Try me!
For the love of God, tell me what
the hell is bothering you, Séamus.
I'm losing my sight.
I'm going blind.
That's what's wrong.
You're a great comfort to me.
I just wish I had told you sooner.
Frig it!
How do you know?
What do you mean, how do I know?
How do you know
that you're going blind?
What kind of a question is that?
It's a very reasonable question,
you know.
I'm losing sight in both my eyes!
When I strain them trying
to read those bloody forms...
..I get headaches.
Then I get all flustered.
Lord above,
we have to ring the doctor.
Blast you and your doctors.
No doctor can help me!
Once you start losing your sight...
..there's nothing you can do
about it and that's that.
Good God!
-Ríona.
-Daniel.
I'm looking for Suzy. Is she here?
No.
-Do you know where she is?
-I have no idea.
She was upset earlier.
Really? Why?
You know, Jason and everything.
-Right.
-I'm very worried about her.
Well if I see her,
I'll be sure to tell her. Okay?
Right.
Goodbye.
Well, he's gone.
What did he say?
Just that he's worried about you.
Are you sure you want
to do this Suzy?
Yes.
-Hiya.
-Hi Mack.
So, any news?
Yes, actually. Suzy has given
a statement against her father.
Great!
-You're happy about it, right?
-Yes, but..!
But what?
If we go ahead with this, chances are
that Daniel will file charges...
..against you for your assault
on him.
-I don't give a damn what he does.
-Seriously?
If I have to do time in prison
so that he'll get his comeuppance...
..I'll do it.
-Are you sure about that?
-Positive.
Fair play sis. I'll see you later.
In a way, I believe him.
Am I stupid to think that
after what he's done to me?
He told you about it himself?
Yes.
And did you believe
what he had to say?
Well, that's the thing.
I don't know.
Máire, how did you and Peadar manage
to stay together all these years?
Peadar and I had
our fair share of problems.
And they weren't your average
ups and downs either.
They were much more serious
than that.
Máire, Peadar didn't do something
like that to you, did he?
Peadar didn't do anything.
You have to make up your own mind.
You have to think of yourself
and Evan.
And above all else, you have to ask
yourself whether you have enough...
..love in your heart for Rory to be
able to forgive him for what he did.
I knew it!
Indeed!
I told you that you weren't going
blind but you wouldn't believe me.
Where are they?
Take them out and put them on.
Or before long you'll be blind
for certain!
Was I not right all along?
After telling me
that I had lost the plot!
You have me spoiled, you know.
I know darling.
So, how was work today?
Crazy.
You must miss Rory.
Because of the work load, I mean.
We're busy but we're coping
without him.
Look, I'm sorry darling.
I didn't mean
to make you feel uncomfortable.
It's alright.
Mack attacked Daniel a while back.
That's the reason
why Mack had to leave for a while.
Daniel has been threatening
to file charges since then.
And if he does..!
It won't look very good for you.
No.
And if Kelly says anything about us
on top of that..!
I see.
That's not what I mean.
Are you sure about that?
Look, I understand your situation
Oonagh.
It's your choice, okay?
Yeah, I know.
Thanks love, dinner was delicious.
We aim to please!
Besides, I have to prove
that I'm worth having around.
What's the matter?
Come on Caitríona.
I was only joking.
This is not going to work Vince.
What have I done?
Even with Rory gone
from the radio station...
..you're jealous.
Jesus, of course I'm jealous!
You slept with him,
for crying out loud!
Can you hear the anger
in your voice?
You can't let it go.
Give me a chance.
I'm working on it.
That's the problem.
That I'm trying to put it behind me?
Isn't that what you wanted?
Yes.
But you're going overboard.
Wine, dinner.
Waiting for me to get back from work
as if I were a schoolgirl.
I'm doing my best, Caitríona.
I know.
So what's the problem?
You can't do it, Vince.
You can't forgive me
and you might never be able to.
Thanks very much
for the vote of confidence.
I'm sorry.
Caitríona, we can get through this.
I'm willing to give it a shot.
Aren't you?
There's nothing I'd like more.
But I just don't know Vince.
If you can't let it go,
is it worth the effort?
Another one.
Do you think your kidneys
are up to it?
Aisling, another one please.
-The craic is about to begin!
-For God's sake Mam, stop!
Look, I hate what I've done
to you.
I can't believe
that I've hurt you in this way.
I know that nothing I say
will change what happened.
No Rory, it won't.
All the same, I think that
we should give it another try.
Really?
Really.
Six months in Slovenia!
I'd be mad not to do it.
What about your job here?
I'm going to ask Labhrás
if I can take a career break.
A career break? After all the time
you've taken off already!
You don't have a hope, Róise.
I'm going to ask Caitríona
to ask him on my behalf.
Caitríona? Well good luck!
Two bottles of lager please.
Actually not for me.
-Why not?
-I have to go.
What's up?
Suzy is a bit upset.
I have to meet her.
Oh great.
-I'll talk to you tomorrow.
-Yeah, tomorrow.
Mr. McLoughlin, I'd be grateful
if you would accompany me...
..to the station to answer
a few questions.
Now, if you don't mind.
Clear off good woman.
As I said, I'd be grateful if..!
I heard you and I gave you my answer.
Now leave me be or you'll be sorry.
I will not repeat myself.
When do you intend stopping
this nonsense?
There are laws to protect people
from this kind of thing.
With you harassing me
and your brother attacking me...
..what exactly has the O Riain
family got against me?
Do you want me to move out?
Right.
Caitríona, I don't want to lose
what we have.
Neither do I.
But I'm afraid that
it has already been lost.
Vince, please!
This is hard enough.
Right.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
-Hi!
-Hi.
This is a nice surprise.
I didn't expect to see you again
today.
What's the matter?
I could have done without
the dramatics today, to be honest.
I know, I'm sorry about that.
It's not your fault.
We have to be careful,
you understand that don't you?
Yes, I do.
I think they thought
you were just giving me a lift home.
Which was true.
Come on, don't be like that!
I have a lot to lose.
If Lillian finds out..!
I don't want to be in a situation
where I won't see my family again.
You understand that, don't you?
Yes! You remind me often enough.
Ríona!
I'm sorry.
I'm just sick of this pretence.
You're not the only one.
I know. I'll tell her soon.
It's not the right time yet.
It's you I want to be with.
You know that, don't you?
What do you want?
I signed a statement
against my father.
-And?
-You said you'd stand by me.
That's before I found out
that you sold my son.
I never meant to go ahead with it.
Why would I believe anything
you say?
Ask Tadhg. I told him and Angela.
That's easy to say.
How did you think up such a thing
in the first place?
I didn't think of it.
Tadhg came to me and threatened me.
-Oh yeah.
-That's the truth.
You're being very high and mighty...
..about a baby you had no interest in
until you found out he was dying.
At least I didn't try
to friggin' sell him!
Believe what you will.
But I'm telling the truth.
I did what you asked of me.
I chose you over my father.
I hope it's not too late for you
to stand by me, like you promised.
You're still here I see, Daniel?
Why wouldn't I be?
I don't know. A pint, Tadhg.
Maybe the game's not over after all.
Daniel McLoughlin, I'm arresting you
under Section 3..!
What the hell are you doing?
Of the Non-Fatal Offences
Against the Person Act, 1997.
What kind of nonsense is this,
woman?
For the attack you carried out on
Suzy McLoughlin on April 15th 2004.
-Don't be stupid, I didn't do that!
-You have a right to remain silent.
Whatever you say may be taken down
and used against you.
-You can't do this!
-Go ahead.
Stop it! Stop it I said!
Go ahead and enjoy the show
but you won't get away with it!
Do you really think that you can
convict me of something I didn't do?
-And for which you have no evidence!
-I have evidence.
What kind of bloody evidence?
Your daughter made a statement saying
that you attacked her that night.
Jesus!
It's all lies
and well you know it!
Take him out, lads.
Suzy! How could you do this to me?
Suzy!
What did I do to you to deserve this?